---
layout: default
title: 2024-06-05 TAC Meeting Record
parent: Meeting Minutes
grand_parent: PQCA TAC
nav_exclude: true
---
<mark>_Copy this template to the subdirectory for the current year and name the file `YYYY-MM-DD-TAC-meeting-record.md` (e.g., `2023-02-02-TOC-meeting-record.md`). Update the information above to change the `title` (e.g., `2023-02-16 TOC Meeting Record`, the `parent` to `YYYY` (e.g., 2023), the `grand_parent` to `Meeting Minutes`, and remove the `nav_exclude` line. Update the links below to reflect the appropriate image location (e.g., `../images/`). Text between `<mark></mark>` are instructions. Please remove when section has been completed._
</mark>

# Agenda
0. Finalize agenda
1. New business
2. Misc
  - Workgroups
  - OS summit conference
  - Blogs
  - Vice-chair election 
  - Action Items
3. Cadence of this meeting

# Announcements
Add here

# Presentation
Add here

# Decision
Add here

# Discussion
Add here

# Action items
Action items

 ## Done (from previous minutes)

 * [x] Create GH issue for content reviewers [Naomi]

 ## Old

 * [ ] Docs / Education / Website --- look at PQ Code package as example [Nigel]
 * [ ] Lifecycle document review [All] <link>
 * [ ] Summary for security workgroup [Nigel]
 * [ ] SBOM / CBOM interest query [Nigel]

 ## New

 * [ ] Lifecycle document completion [Hart]

# Recordings

* [Recordings are available on your Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings

# Upcoming TAC meetings

[Please check the calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)

# Attended by

## TAC members

* [ ] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [ ] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM
* [ ] Sam Stanwyck, NVIDIA
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [ ] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc.
* [ ] Thomas Bailleux, SandboxAQ

## Additional attendees
Add here
