---
layout: default
title: 2024-04-24 TAC Meeting Record
parent: Meeting Minutes
grand_parent: PQCA TAC
nav_exclude: true
---
<mark>_Copy this template to the subdirectory for the current year and name the file `YYYY-MM-DD-TAC-meeting-record.md` (e.g., `2023-02-02-TOC-meeting-record.md`). Update the information above to change the `title` (e.g., `2023-02-16 TOC Meeting Record`, the `parent` to `YYYY` (e.g., 2023), the `grand_parent` to `Meeting Minutes`, and remove the `nav_exclude` line. Update the links below to reflect the appropriate image location (e.g., `../images/`). Text between `<mark></mark>` are instructions. Please remove when section has been completed._
</mark>

# Agenda
1. Approve previous minutes
2. PQ Code package TSC
3. Recurring hackathon
4. PQCA Scholarship
5. New business
6. Misc
  - OS summit conference
  - Blogs
  - vice-chair election 

# Announcements
None

# Presentation

None

# Decision
None as we did not have quorum

# Discussion

1. Approve previous minutes

Merged minutes:
https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/blob/gh-pages/meeting-minutes/2024/2024-04-10-TAC.md

2. PQ Code package TSC

* Nigel presented initial work documented in PR
* Scheduled meeting to match different timezones of participants 

3. Recurring hackathon

* Will schedule after TSC is up and running

4. PQCA Scholarship

* Mentorship program that can be mirrored from CNCF or other open source projects.
* The governing board needs to approve the program then the TAC will ultimately decide what the program parameters are.
* https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/tools/mentorship/

5. New business

None

6. Misc
  - OS summit conference

Consider having a workshop and/or submitting a CFP for various industry events.

OSS EU - CFP is open and closes April 30th, please be sure to submit a talk. Meeting space is currently waitlisted so a workshop is likely not doable.
Crypto 2024 is a possible event

  - Blogs

DRAFT: https://docs.google.com/document/d/18wxoFYNhz1vUM5Xa4x89p8YNCtckLtP_xhHsK0P2oXo/edit

Crypto (mid to late august)
Dan Apon organizing 
Before or after the conference
All day event
UC Santa Barbara
Crypto 2024 (iacr.org)

Press Releases can be coordinated with LF Marketing and added to the LF Newsroom webpage.
Blogs can be received by any community member with a PQCA focus, and reviewed by members of the TAC or LF staff for approval. The blogs will then be added to the PQCA website.
If you have blog content, please submit to nwashington@linuxfoundation.org.

  - Vice-chair election 

* Need gov board to approve charter revision
* Waiting on legal
* Nominations open
* Naomi will kick start the election similar to how the TAC chairperson election was managed.

# Action items

Action items

 ## Done (from previous minutes)
 * [*] Reach out to OQS about lifecycle document [Thomas / Nigel]
 * [*] Setup TSC for PQ Code Package [Nigel]
 * [*] Reach out to OpenSSF (Omkar) for a security governance overview / best practices [Max]
		 * Dana Wong will be presenting on 5/12 meeting

 ## Old
 * [x] Propose the 3 new working groups: Algos, Tooling / Misc, and Docs / Education / Website as issues [Max]
 * [x] Schedule next hackathon meeting [Nigel]
 * [x] Review lifecycle document and include assurance into template doc [All]

 ## New

 * [ ] Docs / Education / Website
 * [ ] Lifecycle document 

# Recordings

* [Recordings are available on your Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings

# Upcoming TAC meetings

[Please check the calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)

# Attended by

## TAC members

Norman, Sam, Sophie, and Brian attended

* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM
* [x] Sam Stanwyck, NVIDIA
* [x] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc.
* [ ] Thomas Bailleux, SandboxAQ

## Additional attendees

Daniel Apon, Ry Jones, Hart Montgomery, Jason Lee, Alex Bozarth, Bryan Uhri, and Naomi Washington
